Corrected document formatting for device (#89)
lalitpagaria/obsei: README.md

<details><summary><b>Step 4: Configure Analyzer</b></summary>

<i>Note: To run transformers in an offline mode, check [transformers offline mode](https://huggingface.co/transformers/installation.html#offline-mode).</i>

> <p>For running models on GPU, give parameter <b>device</b>. Not all analyzers support it. Respective analyzer with support shows <b>device</b> as parameter in constructor below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>Some analyzer support GPU and to utilize them pass <b>device</b> parameter.
```

> List of possible values of <b>device</b> parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List of possible values of <b>device</b> parameter (default value <i>auto</i>):
```

<ol>

>     <li> <b>auto</b>: choose gpu if present else use cpu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <li> <b>auto</b>: choose gpu if present else use cpu (default value)
```
